Before we start this episode, we just need to correct what was said in episode 9 for British F4
so there have been some big changes since we released the episode. The point system is now
more aligned to the F2 and F3 point system with race 1 and 3 still following the F2, F3 feature
race style of points with P1 being 25 points and P10 being one point, but race 2 has now got the F2
and F3 sprint race point system with 10 points for P1 and one point for P8. We also now know that
Rodin's mystery driver is Ella Lloyd who was announced just five days after we released the episode
and that now completes the grid. And finally instead of just race 2 and race 3 being streamed,
all races will now be available to watch on ITV4 and ITVX for UK viewers and on the British F4
YouTube channel for everyone else. Now let's get into the episode.
Hello everyone, welcome back to the Grand Prixquel podcast. Today we will be talking about Formula Regional European Championship as well
as GB3 and GB4. Your hosts today are Hayden, Nova and Alex.
So to start with our first series we have FREC, which is the Formula Regional European Championship.
It used to be called FRECA because it was sponsored by Alpine, but Alpine has since pulled out. It is the
second tier on the road to F1 ladder between Formula 4 and Formula 3. We have a new Formula Regional car this year,
the Tatuus T326. We've already seen it in action with Formula Regional Middle East Trophy. It didn't look the best but hopefully throughout the
FREC season we can see how it can improve racing. For our calendar we've gone down from 10 rounds last year to 8 rounds where some rounds will have
two races and some will have three races featuring a reverse grid. The tracks we have on our calendar for this year is Red Bull Ring, Zandvoort, Spa, Monza, Hungaroring, Paul Ricard, Imola and Hockenheim Ring.
We end the season at Hockenheim Ring instead of Monza. RIP Monza. I will miss you Monza.
So for our weekend format we have some weekends with two races, but all the weekends should follow the usual Friday practice, Saturday qualifying 1 and then race 1, and then Sunday qualifying 2 and then race 2.
For the weekends with three races, we still do not have information on which rounds will have three races. We predict there will be a reverse grid
probably the top 12 from quali reversed, but as I just said we are still unsure about how the three race weekend will play out. For the point system we have F1 style points for the main race, P1 getting 25 points and then so on. We also have the two pole points for qualifying and then whoever has the fastest lap within the top 10.
And for sprint it differs slightly from F1 where we have 10 points for P1, 9 for P2, 8 for P3 and then until one point for P10.
All races for FREC should be available to watch on YouTube. If you search up Formula Regional European Championship it should come up. So it's quite accessible for anyone who wants to get into watching it.
Of course last year's champion was Freddie Slater from Prema, and the years before that it has also been a very strong Prema showing with 2024's champion being Rafa Camara and 2023's champion being Kimi Antonelli. And in 2019, before his Prema days, it was Oscar Piastri.
Many of the drivers that we are going to cover, we have covered in our Formula Regional Middle East Trophy episode, so you should also go and listen to that.
We’re gonna start with R-ace GP in honor of Robin who can’t talk right now. So they’ve been really good recently like they were teams champion last season and this far, third in Formula Regional Middle East and honestly they have a pretty solid lineup with
Emanuele Olivieri who is kinda predicted to be champion because you know we’ve seen him in well like Italian F4 do pretty well,
even if the car was sh*t in, I think it was Macau, Robin said, which was really good for him and I think I remember Macau being really good for him. Yeah, he's pretty good. We're expecting him to go back for the team's champion this season. Also because their lineup is just really solid, really something they should be able to do well with.
Next on the list is Yuki Sano who's connected to TGR, who are like, sending kind of drivers to Europe.
It's a whole thing. I think we mentioned it before in another episode. He's also doing pretty solid recently like P2 in Super Formula Lights in 2025. Really, really solid. And before in Japanese F4. Which just means he can perform
and he should really be able to bring those points to R-ace. And for a team's championship it’s always good to have multiple drivers who can bring points even if they don't necessarily win the championship like it was last season where it was Slater who won the title
but R-ace was just a stronger team overall but obviously they want to win the title for the driver too. And as the third driver we have Rashid Al Dhaheri, and I'm so sorry because I definitely pronounced that wrong,
who's with Mercedes and he was really close to winning Formula Regional Middle East. Like we did not expect it beforehand but when watching it was pretty good for him. And he still went to be P2 in the championship, won some races, got on the podium. It's pretty solid.
His track record this far has not been as good as the other two. Which doesn't even mean he’s bad but he has experience in FRECA. Last season he was eighth but in Prema where his teammate won the championship.
So it's kind of you know. But overall it's just three really solid drivers who really should be able to do something. And who we expect to also see with our R-ace right in the front. Whom of you want to crash out about Prema?
I think that's my job on the podcast now to just be crashing out about Prema. So segueing into that the next team is Prema. Of course they've boasted the Drivers' Championship quite a few times as I've mentioned, but team's championship, not so much.
Our first driver is Kean Nakamura-Berta. He's a title challenger. That seems to be the consensus. And he does seem to be the title favorite amongst most of the drivers and especially within the Prema lineup. This is going to be his first main season championship under the Williams driver academy which I'm quite excited to see how he does with that.
But of course he was formally with Alpine for his first Italian F4 season. He won Italian F4 and the Euro 4 championship last year 2025. Which has I think added rapport to why he is one of the title favorites.
Additionally, 2026 stole the Formula Regional Middle East trophy from under Rashid's nose. I was very happy about that. And he seems to be very strong in testing, placing very high in the morning testing sessions. P1, P1 and P3. One of our stronger drivers I think on the grid.
The second driver we have is Tomass Stolcermanis, who was brought in sort of last minute as a replacement for the FRECA lineup to replace Sebastian Wheldon who has since gone to MP.
As we've seen from Tomass, he's not had the biggest budget of the drivers. Last time he did a full season was UAE 4 in 2025. For Italian F4, he only did the first two rounds before being replaced by Dupe. Probably because of budget reasons.
But for Italian F4 2025, he placed P11 while having only done the first two rounds. And for F4 Middle East 2025, he placed P4. He also did E4 with AKM in 2025. And in his first season of Italian F4, he placed P9.
So all around, maybe not the strongest driver on the grid, but he does bring some experience to the Prema lineup, which I think could work out in their favor.
And our last driver for Prema is Salim Hanna, who in the FRMET season for 2026 placed P10. And for Italian F4, 2025 placed P4 and won the rookie trophy.
And for Euro 4 2025, he placed P7. And F4 Middle East 2025, P6. So as you can see from his results, he's a pretty solid driver overall, especially for somebody who has not had as much experience in a single seater.
So overall, Prema has a pretty solid lineup. Not very strong and not as experienced as many of the other teams, but I hope they do very well. I really do. Or I'm gonna go crazy in here.
And then moving on, we have MP Motorsport, which is a new team. And notably, we have Sebastian Wheldon. This is a big deal because just breaking news, because he was with Prema.
And then he left Prema, you know, with everything going on, we've talked about before, with just their, they have a lot of internal struggles at Prema. We had, you know, Enzo Deligny move. And now Sebastian Wheldon is doing the same thing.
He left Prema and is now at MP and Sebastian Wheldon is a very, very strong driver in the past. So he's an Andretti junior and in Formula Regional Middle East this year, he was P5.
But to be honest, like, it was not entirely representative because he had quite an amount of bad luck and yeah, it just was not… Had he just had a normal, normal series with luck on his side, I think he would have been in the fight for the title
If he's given the car, like, he is gonna be a title challenger for sure. I mean, he tops the final session of testing in Spielberg. And yeah, I mean, I feel like we've always just seen solid drives from him in the past.
And then next to MP, we have Alexander Abkhazava. He kind of became a bigger name, kind of made a name for himself in Formula Regional Middle East. He won some races and led the championship for a bit.
He honestly didn't like, have much under his belt until this. So, yeah. And he will be entering his third year at the Formula Regional level. And in Formula Regional Middle East, like I said, he was leading the championship for a bit, but he ended up P3 and he had like two wins.
And then in EC3, in, like, the Euro Cup 3 last year, he was P12. And in the year before that, in 2024, he was P9. And then in 2024, Formula Regional Middle East, he was P15. So, yeah, he just, you know, hasn't had, you know, the best results in the past and then randomly, he just, I don't know, he kind of cooks.
So, yeah. Next, we have Newman Chi. He finished P16 in this year's Formula Regional Middle East. He's already done some FREC races. He's done, like, two rounds. And he had a best finish of P17. And he also did the Formula Regional race at Macau last year. And then in Italian F4 last year, he was P5 and P12 in Euro 4.
And then in F4 Middle East last year, he was P9. So, pretty solid, you know, pretty decent results from him.
Then, we move on to Van Amersfoort, VAR. Of course, we have Dion Gowda. Very biased when it comes to him, not gonna lie, but I, okay.
So, Dion Gowda. So, he won the Rookie Championship last year in FRECA. This will be his second year. He won the Rookie Championship last year. He finished P12, which, as a rookie, like, I feel like it was a pretty good result.
He actually broke the record for the most rookie wins in a two race format. He had 14 rookie wins. And, yeah, he broke the record in, like, the two race format, at least. So, that's cool. And, yeah, he had a best finish of P5, which he had a few of those. So, not a bad season, to be honest. Pretty decent, especially for a rookie.
Now, in this year's Formula Regional Middle East, so he was P24. He only had a single point. But, I'm not gonna lie, it was a mix of, he had some bad luck. Literally, in one race, just completely random DNS. Like, we didn't even, he just randomly disappeared from the live timings.
Zero information whatsoever. Literally didn't even find out until after the race was over. After, like, the results were posted on, like, VAR's account and everything. Anyways, so, completely unlucky there. And he would have had a P4 finish if he didn't get a penalty afterwards, where he was bumped down to P10. But, it's whatever, you know.
Honestly, I think his biggest thing was just, he just struggled to find the pace in quali and, in those tracks, it was, it's like, it's not an easy, they're not easy tracks to overtake in this series, especially so. But he has had other pretty solid, like, in 2023 British F4, he was P4. And, he was with Rodin, and Rodin won that year. So, yeah, he had four wins and six podiums. So, he has had solid results, especially if you give him the car.
And, then, next, at VAR, we have Andrea Dupe. In this year's Formula Regional Middle East, he was P23. And, in last year's Italian F4, he was P22. And, he actually, he replaced Tomass. We mentioned that Tomass raced for two rounds. And, then, yeah, he replaced Tomass after those two rounds.
And, then, in Euro 4, he was P31. He missed the first round, but, you know. And, then, in Formula Winter Series, last year, he was P17. So, nothing that really stands out with Dupe but, we'll see how he does this year. I'm looking forward to see how he does.
Next, we have Francisco Macedo. He was P18 in this year's Formula Regional Middle East. Same as Dupe. Honestly, like, hasn't had, like, a ton of standout finishes in the past. But, we'll also be looking forward to see how he does.
I'll do- I’ll go on with Rodin. Rodin is also technically a new team, but I find it hard to call it a new team because, you know, they've done so much on a very similar level
And, I think the only really special thing about Rodin is that, besides, like, F2, F3, they're more focused on, you know, British racing
and, it'll be interesting to see how their pace will be on, you know, Central European surface, like, especially in Italy and stuff where, you know, they probably don't have as much experience in those smaller cars
and, you know, tracks where F2, F3 doesn't drive.
As for their lineup, we have a pretty solid one with Alex Ninovic, who is the reigning GB3 champion.
And, is kind of regarded as a potential, you know, dark horse for the title because, he's coming from GB3, which is, like, from the cars
I think it was, like, even faster than FRECA or something last season.
There were quite some conversations about the new GB3 cars, which we will talk about later.
And, overall, he's a pretty solid guy. Just like Reza Seewooruthun, who's also, you know, has quite a few, quite a bit of experience coming from Great Britain, rather, than Central European, Italian side of things.
Like, he was, in 2024, P3 in British F4. You know, coming from the British side of things, it's solid, just, you know, just a solid driver, I guess.
Gabriel Gomez is the third driver in the lineup.
And, in 2025, he won Formula Winter Series.
So, in all of these, we have, clearly, drivers who either won championships or, you know, have shown that they have the pace to be really up there.
They all have podiums, they all have wins.
It's really a pretty solid lineup.
And, I do expect Rodin to also be kind of up there.
You know, it's a solid team.
They all have solid money, and they should be doing pretty good.
We can also go on to Trident, which is a bit of a silly team, because, for some reason, they're incredibly good in F3.
But, you know, they don't necessarily perform as great in FREC.
Which is not to say that they're a bad team.
They're just not as standout-ish as other teams that we've mentioned so far.
And, the lineup is nothing to really write home about.
Like, it's alright drivers with Maximilian Popov, who's, you know, quite a bit of experience over, you know, Italy and, generally, many circuits.
But, I mean, nothing that really stands out.
No championship or anything.
Not going really strong anywhere.
So, you know, it's just a driver that shows up, and you know the name, you've seen him, you've seen him do quite some things.
But, it's not on a level that we say, oh my god, he's going to be the next Formula One world champion.
Then we have Kai Daryanani.
I hope I pronounced that right.
Well, we can say pretty much the exact same thing about, you know, did some things across a lot of different series.
And scored some points in many series, but just never really shown up to be quite up on the level of other drivers we've previously mentioned.
And the same just goes for Andrija Kostic, who also has raced in a handful of different championships.
Didn't really do much.
I mean, these will be drivers that we will see probably quite a few times in the points, you know, doing things.
They won't be completely in the back because they're not in the worst team.
But there's also not much more that we can expect from them also, because even if they could maybe go faster, the places above them are just blocked by drivers in really, really good teams who can really put the car together
and drivers who have experience in putting the car and situation, you know, together.
So, and at some point, there was announced that Luka Sammalisto would also be with Trident.
But I guess that's not happening anymore.
As far as we know, he got replaced by Daryanani, probably.
And it's just, you know, kind of big thing we often see where we think or where it's announced drivers would compete
but money is often a problem and budget issues we've seen with many drivers.
And we can also see it with other drivers who will maybe start into this season, but have to leave throughout the season because they can't afford to do a whole season.
And it's interesting to see, but also kind of sad if you ask me, because some of these drivers, you kind of hope to do well, even if they're not in the best teams
but it's not always a possibility.
For our next team, we have ART, which once again is not anything to write home about.
We have Kabir Anurag, who is an Alpine junior, so he has that backing going for him.
Finished pretty high in this year's Formula Regional Middle East with a standing of P9 overall.
Next, Matteo Giaccardi.
Hasn't really done much.
P32 in Middle East.
And then Alexandre Munoz, who is the 2025 French F4 champion.
I think for Alexandre Munoz, I would like to throw in that he's the French F4 champion
but still quite struggles with funding and for quite a bit of time, it was not sure if he would do it.
So, you know, everyone's pretty happy that he now at least has a seat.
But it's also ART.
And, you know, we all know that ART is not one of the greatest teams
but out of the lineup, I think it's all drivers who could do well if ART puts the car together well.
I'll go on with RPM, which is one of the teams that probably won't really say anyone who's, you know, not often watching those smaller feeder series or anything
because it is a smaller team.
And for their drivers, they have Jan Przyrowski, which I hope I pronounced right.
And he's actually fairly solid of a driver.
You know, in 2025, in Spanish F4, he was P3.
In 2024, EC Winter, he was P2.
Like, he's a driver who, you know, he can do stuff.
Though it's a bit of a shame to see him go into regional racing, you know, make the step up from F4 and be with RPM, who are historically not one of the huge teams who are able to really do something.
I still think we could really see him fight his way,
sadly, somewhere down the grid, probably.
Which is, once again, a real shame that Formula Regional is already so incredibly expensive
and it's so hard to get a good seat if you don't have many millions and academy funding to show up for you.
The other two drivers are not quite as interesting, I guess.
We have Miguel Costa, who, besides one podium in Formula Regional Middle East this season, hasn't really shown up yet.
And Giovanni Maschio, who's doing his fourth or fifth season in Formula Regional Europe.
You know, at some point, you have to move on.
And I guess it's a way for some drivers who just have fun, have interest in racing, to stay in general racing.
But it's quite telling for these smaller teams that you have certain drivers who have to be there because they can't really afford anything else, to drivers who just are there because probably going above that is also not, you know, just doable by the money.
But pretty much, if you can afford four seasons of Formula Regional, you can afford four seasons of Formula Regional.
You don't just magically get there.
I'll also go on with G4 Racing, where we have, you know, the same problem.
We have quite a few drivers who, if I will mention their names.
You know, if we talk about big drivers like Kean Nakamura-Berta or Sebastian Wheldon, people will, you know, have heard about them, have heard about things they've done, you know, have interest for them.
When we go into these smaller teams, we have a lot of drivers where that's not quite the thing
because it's not even that these drivers are bad.
It's just they haven't had the chance, in many cases, to show what they can potentially do.
Like Marcus Saeter, who didn't do Formula Regional Middle East, and has just done Italian F4 and Ginetta Juniors previously.
Which wasn't even bad.
It's just on a grid with, I think, around 30 drivers.
These kind of drivers, they just, you know, kind of go under.
And it's a bit of a shame, but that's why we're here.
The next name, I am perfectly sorry, because I will pronounce it wrong.
Saqer Al Maosherji?
I'm so sorry, we need to do an episode on how to pronounce every single feeder series driver's name.
Because that was horrific, and I'm incredibly sorry for that.
All the drivers on G4 Racing, combined they have done really, really little races.
This driver, I'm not even going to try it again.
I'm sorry, it's probably really problematic that I can't pronounce the name.
I'm sorry.
He's just done Saudi F4 and FRECA with just very few races.
Just like Rahim Alibhai.
Again, I hope I pronounced it right.
Who's only done 18 races, according to DriverDB so far.
And apparently is going on a double campaign of Formula Regional and Spanish F4?
So apparently we couldn’t find anything in regulations that says you're not supposed to do that.
But also, what the f***?
Do you know what?
All right.
Just let him do it.
At least then he'll finish the season with experience, which is more than he has at the moment.
Exactly.
There's always an upside.
So many questions.
But, you know, G4 Racing is just one of those teams you'll see in the back of the grid.
And I'm very sorry, but G4 Racing is probably also one of the teams where we could see drivers change throughout the season.
Because this is a team where you go to if you can't afford it, but you have to try to make your way through the feeder series levels to get somewhere.
But not everyone can afford it for the whole season.
Just like the last team we'll talk about, which is CL Motorsport with Jules Roussel.
Who's, again, one of those drivers that I mean when I say we have drivers that are really good.
And have shown that they can be really good, but they cannot afford things.
And he's the 2025 Macau 4 winner.
He finished 2025 French F4 in P3.
He's really solid.
But CL Motorsport is most likely one of the cheapest teams on the grid.
And if you can't afford more, you have to try to get somewhere from having one of the teams that usually does not really put the car together well.
It just happens.
But, maybe he has an advantage of having, or it's a disadvantage, of having teammates with quite a bit of experience.
In Rina Frankert, who did three whole seasons at F4 level.
And in all of those, just, you know, some he did kind of show up.
Like 2025 Euro 4 where he was P3.
2025 F4, at least, where it was P5.
Like he's alright.
But it's again just nothing to really write home about.
It's just another drive, especially with CL Motorsport who won't do incredibly well.
We can already say so much.
It's just one of the smallest teams.
It happens.
And last but not least on our Formula Regional 2026 grid.
We have Enea Frey, who did a few Formula Regional rounds last year with a best finish of P13.
So we can hope that he has a bit of speed in him to go somewhere.
He has quite a bit of experience in two seasons of F4, across Italian F4, Formula Winter Series and Euro 4.
Maybe we will see a standout performance by one of them, and them outperforming their team and car.
But honestly and realistically, that probably won't happen.
We should go on to the predictions.
So there are members of the podcast I can't be recording right now.
So our dear friend and fellow host.
Well, actually, I would say Robin.
But everyone seems to predict that R-ace wins the team championship.
Unless, Alex, you have a differing opinion.
I think, as I've said in the beginning, R-ace has the most solid lineup.
But I'm going to be bold.
And I'm going to say I could see Rodin do pretty well too and get high up there.
But I'm going to support Robin in hoping for Oliveri drivers' champion.
Also because I don't think that Prema will be able to put the car together for KNB the way everyone expects them to magically do.
And I think we already saw that with Slater last season.
Where it was, I mean, it wasn't really a struggle for him.
But for the team, it really was.
And I don't think that Kean can still get where Freddie got with the team because it's just going downhill.
And I think R-ace is getting even stronger.
Yeah, that is why I put them down as teams.
I personally, I'm holding out for hope that Kean can do a miracle.
But it may not happen.
It may happen.
Who knows?
But Peter has also said that he hopes that Wheldon wins the drivers' championship with MP.
I think it could happen.
Because I think MP, just like Rodin, they have quite a bit of experience in, you know, generally racing in Europe.
And I swear, weren't they in Formula Regional European some years before?
So I think it could happen.
I think it could happen.
Yeah.
I'm in the same boat as Nova.
I'm really hoping that Kean, despite the trials and tribulations at Prema right now,
I pray that Kean can still do it.
I do, of course, R-ace for teams.
But I think, also, part of me is like a little bit bold.
I think Gomez could maybe, he was really solid last year.
Literally was, I swear, the amount of times it was Gomez in the lead with like all the, just a sea of red Premas behind him.
Anyway, Gomez did pretty solid last year.
So I honestly think that he could possibly take it.
But we will see.
I think we have a really interesting Formula Regional grid, just because even though Prema has dominated in the last few seasons,
with the new car, new teams coming and like great new teams coming in,
I think we really have the possibility to see quite an interesting championship fight because we don't have one singular favorite,
even though we do expect certain teams to be better.
It'll be interesting.
I do think that FREC this year is going to be one of the interesting championships where we see it maybe go down to the line even.
Yes.
And I think that's about it for Formula Regional.
So we should move on to GB3.
GB3 is on the level of Formula Regional, but it's not officially a Formula Regional series because it is Great Britain only.
Which is to this day, I ask if GB3 just stands for Great Britain, but I don't actually know if that's the case.
Maybe someone can tell me.
From the speed, it's on the same level as Formula Regional European Championship.
And in general, it's pretty solid and pretty similar because if you're racing in the UK, you're more likely to go from Formula 4 to GB3 than going from Formula 4 to Formula Regional.
We see both done, and both have advantages, disadvantages.
But in general, it's pretty close together.
The points are quite different.
And honestly, I do not really get them because it's, you know, not the usual 25 for P1, 1 point for P10.
But it's like 35 for P1, 29 for P2, 24 for P3.
And it goes down to 1 point for P21.
So more drivers get points, but also if you win, you get more points.
And we have that in race 1 and 2.
And in race 3, we have the reverse grid where you get 20 points for P1, 17 for P2, and down to 1 point for P15.
And also a point for each overtake made with a max of 12, which is something we often see in British racing series, which I think is great.
And I think more series should implement this.
The calendar includes eight rounds with three races per round, so 24 in total.
I think that's more than Formula Regional has, but you'll have to correct me on this.
We have four of these rounds just in the UK in Silverstone twice, Donington Park, and Brands Hatch, and four, even though it's supposedly a British championship, but there are four still international with Spa, Hungaroring, Red Bull Ring, and Barcelona.
I think we used to have Zandvoort too, but, you know, that's irrelevant because it's not this season.
You can watch it on the GB3 YouTube channel, and if you watch it, you'll see that quite a few of the drivers that have won this actually went on to do fairly well,
because as I've said, it's the British replacement for Formula Regional.
For the Champions, as an example, we have, pretty interestingly, last season, as I mentioned, Alex Ninovic won.
The season before that, Louis Sharp won, who we saw also in F3 now.
In 2022, Luke Browning won, who, you know, everyone who watches feeder series at this point should know who Luke Browning is, but also Zak O’Sullivan won.
Freddie Slater did a partial campaign last season, where he did really, really well, and where he went last to first at Spa.
So, it's quite a solid championship.
We have, you know, certain teams that we know from other series, like Rodin, who's the biggest and strongest team.
And they also have some of the absolute favorites for the title.
Last year, they won the team's champion, and they won it quite often.
This year, in their driver lineup, they have Abbi Pulling, Maxim Rehm, and Martin Molnar, who have consistently all been in the top 10 in the tests.
And, majority of the time, they were actually in the top 30 of the test.
And Martin Molnar went runner-up in British F4 last season.
He was really, really solid.
Maxim Rehm is also really strong in GB3, in last season's, the races he did last season.
And Abbi Pulling, we all know Abbi Pulling.
She won 2024 F1 Academy, and also scored podiums in British F4.
And also, last season, scored a podium in GB3.
So, for all of these drivers, I expect one of them to win a championship.
And I'd be happy with all of them, because I think all of them are really strong drivers.
And should really be good to do it against the rest of the grid.
The second other strong team, because it's always pretty much between Hitech and Rodin.
And Hitech also has a great lineup, and could also get really high.
They have Deagen Fairclogh, who won the 2024 British F4 Championship, and was P3 in last season's championship.
He was genuinely, really strong, and I really rate him.
He does not have as much funding as other drivers have.
And so, he has been really reliant on having to perform to be able to afford doing, you know, awful of this.
It used to be announced that Noah Lisle would do it.
And I was excited to see him.
But sadly, he can't do it this season because of personal funding, as it just came out recently.
The other two drivers, or the other drivers who we have, is Yuhao Fu, who has not been as strong up as the former two.
And who I don't expect to do all, which could be good for Deagen, who, you know, has a clear lead in the championship.
And officially, Hitech will re-announce who will fill their third seat that's been left open with Lisle now.
But there's, you know, like, rumors or just random talk that Nakamura would replace Lisle.
And this is interesting because he does F3 and officially if you do F3, you're not allowed to drive a race on a circuit in which F3 drives.
And it was said that he would replace Lisle for, I hope it's actually pronounced Lisle, it's pronounced Lisle, I decided now.
The whole point is you're not usually allowed to do a race in another series on a circuit where F3 drives.
Other notable drivers in GP3 include Nikita Bedrin, who some of you may know for doing two full seasons of F3 where he was, you know, he was not in front, but he was pretty solid.
You know, there's nothing speaking against him.
He's another driver who I expect to do well.
The only problem is he's with VRD Racing, which is not been a good team.
Like, that's a bit of a shame for him.
I think last season he also did GB3 and- no it was someone else.
Anyways, I swear that VRD Racing is not a good team.
And if he was at Hitech, I would say he's in contention for the championship, but he's not.
So, you know.
And we have Aurelia Nobels, who's coming from F1 Academy.
And he is with team Hillspeed, which is not a good team.
And she was not really that promising in F1 Academy either.
So, it's a good step up to go from F4 to GP3.
But also, Hillspeed is alright as a team, but it's not as great as others.
And, like, you can do something.
You can, like, get points.
But I think it'll be really difficult for her to really do that.
And overall, I think the field is alright.
But it's not, you know, one of the super strongest teams we've…
One of the super strongest fields we've ever seen here.
Because, as I've said, it's competing with Formula Regional European Championship to be, like, the big regional championship.
The one you do after F4.
But it's just kind of difficult to be bigger than Formula Regional European Championship, where, you know, everyone has been.
So, yeah.
I think another problem is that, for some reason, the grid has just not been completely announced yet.
Like, some teams don't have all of their drivers announced yet.
That's a bit of a problem.
JHR just doesn't have a team.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Just don't come again.
And as for predictions, as I've said, I think it'll go to Rodin for the teams.
And we've seen in the tests, the top four have pretty much always been Fairclogh, Rehm, Molnar, and Pulling.
I think Molnar, we can count out because he comes into this with very little experience and the faster cars.
And I think he could do well.
But I'll just count him out for this.
Pulling has a lot of experience.
So, I'd love to see her up front.
But in comparison to Fairclogh and Rehm, she was just not as promising last season.
So, I think it'll go between Rehm and Fairclogh.
And I really like both of them.
And, you know, I'd be happy about either of them.
But I think I'll go for Fairclogh because then I can say that I've been supporting him for quite some ages.
And it would be really cool.
Yay.
What do you think?
I don't keep up with GB3 as much.
But I do think…
Just act like you do and trust what I've said.
Yeah.
Between Rodin and Hitech, I do think it's definitely going to be one of their drivers.
Just not even just due to the car.
They just do have the more solid drivers out of the whole grid.
So, yeah.
Yeah, I also would agree.
Honestly, same exact thing.
I would say Fairclogh and Rodin just because Rodin has that more solid lineup.
But I do think that Fairclogh is a very skilled driver.
I think he could take it.
I think you all underestimate Rehm just a little bit.
And I think everyone does because he does not have the championship yet.
And, you know, but we can go somewhere.
We can do this.
I'm happy anyways because I've liked my top four GB4 drivers with Fairclogh, Rehm, Molnar,
and Pulling.
And they are also, luckily, the top four drivers.
I'm winning.
And last but not least for this episode, we do GB4, which is…
It is not the official series coming before GB3, even though it would sound like it with the name.
But it kind of unofficially is.
But overall, it's in a four-level series based in the UK.
It's not FIA licensed.
It's the first step after karting.
And it's pretty new.
And what makes it different to British F4 is the fact that, as I've said, it's not FIA licensed.
And it's pretty cheap.
Like, I mean, cheap in F4 is still a thing because it's still £60,000 for privateer and £150,000 for pro team.
But I'm saying we heard about it.
If you go to an even solid team in British F4 or F4 in general, you can pay multiple 100,000 pounds.
The calendar includes seven rounds, three races per round.
And here all rounds are actually in the UK, which makes it really approachable for young British drivers, which is why majority of the grid is just young British drivers really doing their first races.
The points are the same as GB3.
And I love watching this championship, but I don't even act like I understand what goes on with the points.
And we have, as I've said, race one and two, which is a normal race.
And race three is a reverse race, where you get points for each overtake made with a maximum of 12.
Former champions include 2025, Ary Bansal, who he was doing also, I don't even remember what he did, but I swore he was in another championship this season.
I think it was Formula Winter Series, where he did pretty solid.
And I'm excited to see him.
And not a former champion, but I think we should count Alisha Palmowski as the 2024 runner-up in the championship, simply because she's my favourite.
I think that's reason enough.
As a number of drivers, it's hard to really judge GB4 based on that, because, as we've said, the majority of the drivers coming to GB4 are doing this as their debut season.
Quite a few of them are coming from karting, quite a few of them are also coming here because they can't really afford to do the direct debut in British F4.
So it's really hard to judge whom of the drivers will be interesting, who will be at the top.
But it also makes the championship incredibly interesting, because you can always find new exciting drivers.
I wouldn't have had Ary Bansal on, you know, my short list last season.
But after his great season, now I do have him on, you know, my list.
We still have, as for the drivers, we have Thomas Ingram-Hill, who, I mean, he is kind of the title favourite, because he was pretty strong in testing.
Last season, he was P6 in the championship.
He's just a pretty strong driver.
Alex O'Grady also looked pretty strong in testing, P2, P2 and P1 at Brands Hatch.
You know, it's solid.
And Fred Green, as part of Elite McLaren Talent Pathway, which is McLaren GT Academy, and he's making his single-seater debut with also strong testing.
But it's, I'm saying, all of these drivers did good testing and did well, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they will win like it does in other championships.
For other interesting drivers, we also have Dayton Coulthard, who is the son of David Corthard, who should be generally known to racing fans.
And obviously, we have female drivers, because GB4 has, in the past two seasons, been really interesting, because in the past two seasons, and I hope they do it again this season, or I'm going to get scammed again, like the way we did with British F4.
And the last two seasons, it was that the highest-placed female driver would receive prize money that would go to their Formula One Academy season, which is pretty good.
And it was a pretty good way, at least for Alicia Palmowski, who won it in 2024, and Ava Dobson, who got it in 2025.
And as for female drivers, because, you know, I always care for female drivers, we have Lily-May Watkins, who's doing her second season.
Her first season, she was the weakest out of, I think, four or five female drivers.
So, I hope she can improve, but she's kind of expected to be behind other drivers who are returning who did better than her last season, which includes Holly Miall, who was the third-best female driver last season, but still only in, you know, what's the word, in like, parentheses or something, finishing 22nd.
I think she should really be one who's able to step up after making her debut last season, and I hope that she can do it.
We also have Caitlyn McDaniel, who quite a few of us will know, and who's considered in the notes as a friend of the show, who finished 25th last season and is returning for her second season here.
And we have Jordyn Martin, who's 15 and coming from America, just like Caitlyn McDaniel, but I noted it for her because she did some racing in America, but none of the racing that she did mentioned on her website made any sense to me because it's genuinely bonkers, insane stuff that goes on in America.
I respect the grind, but, like, what are we doing here?
And she is making her kind of single-seater debut in Europe here at 15 years old, which I think is great, and I'm kind of, I have vibes, and I'm really excited for her.
And last but not least, we have Solenn Amrouche, who also, besides doing, like, a bit of formula cars and small championships previously, has done some sports cars and was really solid in her category in those, at least.
I remember she did the 24 Hours of Dubai, I think it was, but, you know, that’s a sports car.
So, point is, I expect there to, again, be the prize money for the best female placed driver, and out of last season, that would be Holly Miall, but we could also see someone like Jordyn Martin be a sudden standout driver.
And for those drivers, it's also possible that we could see one of them.
I especially noted down Jordyn Martin, like Ava Dobson, who was the wild card for, I think it was Miami last season.
And Jordyn Martin is American.
If she does well in GB4, and it's kind of, you know, expected that she could get the money to go into F1 Academy in 2027,
I mean, I could imagine that she could get offered the wild card drive.
But other than that, I think it's really hard to, as of yet, judge how well they will do this season, and where they could finish.
So, I will not do a prediction.
That'll be it for this episode of the Grand Prixquel podcast.
Join us in our next episode, where we'll talk about Eurocup 3.
Don't forget to follow us on our socials.
It's just grandprixquel on pretty much all of them.
So, stay tuned for Eurocup 3.